OYL App Data

Values
Olive’s Physical and Mental Health
Her health and outlook on life are of primary importance to me.  Her ability to make her own way in the world and to deal with the suffering of life are self-evidently the most important thing to me.

Direction
I want to know exactly what I want, exactly what i need to do to acquire it, and then take those actions.
I want to be unconflicted in my focus, actions, and speech.

Become a Super-Man (a Spartan Creator)
I want to be the creator of my life, no longer a passive viewer or tacit consenter.  I want to be able to define my own Will, then impose it upon the world.    
I want to feel of the high-value i know i posses, and I want to achieve excellence somewhere in my life.

Honesty
I feel weak and regretful when I am not honest with myself and others.  I want to honestly express myself in all areas of my life: words, dress, grooming, belongings.

Experiences
I want to have more enjoyable-to-awe-inspiring experiences.

Connection
I feel a strong desire to connect with people, friends and a partner.  

Helping those I care about
I want to help my family and close friends to achieve their desires.  ( is this true?)

Your Desires

Experiences to Look forward to.

What do I want to do?  Why?  Clarity on this.  What is the next thing to experience?

Health and Energy
I want to have more energy to work more towards my desires... and I want to be healthy so that i can have many more experiences, throughout a long life (I feel FOMO).
Enthusiasm and desire.  Expectations.


A Specific Daily Direction
I want to have an idea of what i can do each day to achieve my desires... to create my own world.
To know what I’m working towards today, 

A more Commanding, Masculine Presence
I want to feel more confident, strong, and directed in all aspects of my life

Travel
I want to visit and explore many places.  

Love
I want a beautiful, feminine woman to share my life with.  She will be warm, loving, accepting of me, and focused on our desired outcomes

Olive believes she can have a future
I want Olive to have an idea of how to achieve her desires.

Abundance of Time, Health, and $$$
I want the time, health, and money to have many more adventures: travel, luxury, etc.


Clarifying Questions

24 Hours to Live
Sat Jul 22 2023

Edit

i would.... say goodbye to Gili and Eva and take Olive to Okotoks to spend time with Marg/Matt/Kym/Rick/Cash/Carerra. Find something fun to do like paint-ball with everyone. Have a big dinner. Organize my stuff/money to be left to Olive
What regrets would I have?
not finding real love not following my passions and desires more . Giving up too much of myself for Joyce's wants & desires, which were largely based on what other people thought
1 Week to Live
Fri Jul 28 2023

Edit

24 hours + Take Olive with me to NS to spend time with parents and extended family, then to Egypt to see the pyramids.
What regrets would I have?
same as 24 hours.. plus not travelling more. Not chasing more growth and excellence. Not becoming what i could have become
1 Month to Live
Sun Aug 20 2023

Edit

Okotoks ( 1 day) NS ( 3 days) Egypt (7-10 d) France (Louvre) (3d) , Italy (5d)( David, Moses, Colosseum), Petra (4d), Morocco ( 3d), Maldives (5d)
What regrets would I have?
not having someone to love on the trip with me waiting so long to do those things not living with purpose
1 Year to Live
Sat Jul 20 2024

Edit

Okotoks, NS, England, France, Portugal?, Spain, Morocco, Italy, Greece, Turkey, Jordan, Egypt, India, Maldives, Bali, VietNam, Thailand, Figi, Australia, Hawaii, Galapagos, Peru, Argintina, Brazil, Equador ( CAmerica) Want to see beautiful places and beautiful art. Meet beautiful ppl.
What regrets would I have?
not realizing my potentials or excellence in anything.
5 Years to Live
2028

Edit

I would have a very similar plan to travel as in 1 year, but I would spend more time in places and spend more time with people. Spend more time with family. Contact old friends and ask them to come along for a while. Go on more side quests. Like Southern Upland Way. Train through europe for 6 months. Go to amazing places in China, road trip the USA. Seek someone to love Find inner peace. Find my masculine presence. Be confidently aware. Be heroic.
20 Years to Live:
2043

Edit

Travel the world on $30,000 / year. Find somewhere to live that is cheap ( as a home-base ) and travel from there? Keep Canadian citizenship to maintain healthcare. Try to become everything I can become. Peaceful, masculine, heroic. Be excellent at something. Live a life of peaceful adventures. Find amazing people. Have awe-inspiring experiences. Find a cheap, tropical place to summer, ski in the winters? Find someone to Love. Create a bigger family. Build something for them.
50 Years to Live
2073

Edit

Cultivate real Health. Understand finances. Find peace, grow, be excellent at something. Find someone to love. Build a loving family. Build something for them. Find a balance b/w regular adventure and planning for retirement. Don't waste time on what other people want, expect, or assume. Find the perfect places to live. (ask Marg and Matt on how to do that ) Try to become everything I can become. Peaceful, masculine, heroic. Be excellent at something. Live a life of peaceful adventures. Find amazing people. Have awe-inspiring experiences.

